Highlight Vaadin Start Main Features (#1509)
vaadin/docs: articles/guide/start/index.asciidoc

https://start.vaadin.com?preset=latest[Open {wizard-name}, role="button primary water"]

== Vaadin Start Features

> Vaadin Start allows you to configure and download a Vaadin project.
> Then, you can use this project as a starting point to create your own Vaadin application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vaadin Start is the recommended tool to generate a customized, starter Vaadin project.
```

Author: That Vaadin Start is the recommended tool is already mentioned in the beginning of the page. No need to repeat the same info 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42799254/175289352-bfcacf92-0e15-48da-bb66-5fbdabfbc9c0.png)

Among other things, Vaadin Start enables you to:

> * *Add several views to the application.* You can select the initial content of each view from a list of 15+ templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Adding views to the application.* The initial content of each view can be generated from a list of more than 15 templates.
```

Author: This is somewhat subjective, but I prefer texts with a conversational tone. In this case, starting the sentence with "You can ... " is what I would say if I was talking to someone in real life. I would keep that tone. (I agree with removing "several" though).

> For example, you can include views based on the Master-Detail template, which can be used to manage the data of an entity.

Author: Again, I would here keep "you can ... " to maintain a conversational tone. Whenever possible, let's avoid using the passive voice: https://vaadin.com/docs/latest/contributing-docs/style-guide/style/#passive.

image::images/master-detail-template.png[Master-Detail Template, width=100%]

* *Add and modify JPA entities.*

> These entities are downloaded with the generated project, along with their corresponding Spring Data classes, such as the [classname]`Repository` and [classname]`Service` classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their corresponding Spring Data classes, such as the [classname]`Repository` and [classname]`Service` classes, are also generated.
```

Author: This suggestion omits that the entities themselves will be downloaded with the generated project.

image::images/edit-entity.png[Edit Entities, width=100%]

> * *Set up security and configure access control.*
> These can be configured for a specific view or the entire app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Set up security and configure access control for a specific view or the entire app.*
```

Author: A bit subjective opinion, but I prefer the original formulation, On the one hand, shorter sentences are easier to grasp. On the other, the first sentence would be focused on the main benefit (which is to Set up security and configure access control), while the second sentence would highlight the extra detail that this setup could be customizable at the level of the view or the entire app.

image::images/security-setup.png[Set up security and configure access control]

* *Change the look and feel of the application.*

> Specifically, you can adjust the application's colors, typography, style, sizing, and spacing.

Author: Again, I prefer shorter sentences.

image::images/customize-theming.png[Customize Application Theme, width=50%]

* *Add helpful configuration settings.*
For example, you can add the deployment files for Docker and Kubernetes to the generated project.

> You can also choose between H2 and PostgreSQL databases; if PostgreSQL is selected, the necessary configuration will be automatically added to the `application.properties` file of the generated project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also choose between H2 and PostgreSQL databases; if PostgreSQL is selected, the necessary configuration will be automatically added to the [filename]#application.properties# file of the generated project.
```

> You can also choose between H2 and PostgreSQL databases; if PostgreSQL is selected, the necessary configuration will be automatically added to the [filename]#application.properties# file of the generated project.

Author: I changed this to:

* *Add helpful project settings.*
For example, you can:
** Generate the deployment files for Docker and Kubernetes.
** Select between H2 and PostgreSQL as the database to use for the project.

> You can also choose between H2 and PostgreSQL databases; if PostgreSQL is selected, the necessary configuration will be automatically added to the [filename]#application.properties# file of the generated project.

Author: I want to keep the H2 and PostgreSQL explicitly mentioned so that people who are searching for those can discover that they can generate them via start.vaadin.com.
